rand index is 161
dsw is <glum>
EXPLANATION OF WORD glum is:
 	[ glʌ̱m ]
	 glummer, glummest 
	 ADJ-GRADED: usu  v-link  ADJ 
	  Someone who is glum is sad and quiet because they are disappointed or unhappy about something.  
	    She was very glum and was obviously missing her children.    
	  Syn:  
	  forlorn  
	  Derived words:  
	   glumly ADV-GRADED ADV with  v   When Eleanor returned, I was still sitting glumly on the settee.    
	
<end>
<
rand index is 272
dsw is <round>
EXPLANATION OF WORD round is:
 	I [ ra͟ʊnd ]
	PREPOSITION AND ADVERB USES
	  ♦♦  
	  (Round is an adverb and preposition that has the same meanings as `around'. Round is often used with verbs of movement, such as `walk' and `drive', and also in phrasal verbs such as `get round' and `hand round'. Round is commoner in British English than American English, and it is slightly more informal.)  
	 1)  PREP To be positioned round a place or object means to surround it or be on all sides of it. To move round a place means to go along its edge, back to the point where you started.  
	    They were sitting round the kitchen table...    
	    The nightdress has handmade lace round the armholes and neckline...    
	    All round us was desert...    
	    I shivered and pulled my scarf more tightly round my neck...    
	    He tramped hurriedly round the lake towards the garden.    
	    ...cycling round and round the park.    
	  ADV:  ADV after  v  
	 Round is also an adverb.   Visibility was good all round... The goldfish swam round and round in their tiny bowls.   
	 2)  PREP If you move round a corner or obstacle, you move to the other side of it. If you look round a corner or obstacle, you look to see what is on the other side.  
	    Suddenly a car came round a corner on the opposite side...    
	    Stay on the left-hand pavement to follow a road downhill round a curve...    
	    One of his men tapped and looked round the door.    
	 3)  PREP You use round to say that something happens in or relates to different parts of a place, or is near a place.  
	    He happens to own half the land round here...    
	    I think he has earned the respect of leaders all round the world...    
	    She's been on at me for weeks to show her round the stables...    
	    They need some way of getting round the country.    
	  ADV:  ADV after  v ,  n  ADV 
	 Round is also an adverb.   Shirley found someone to show them round... So you're going to have a look round?   
	 4)   ADV:  ADV after  v  If a wheel or object spins round, it turns on its axis.  
	    Holes can be worn remarkably quickly by a wheel going round at 60mph...    
	    Stars appeared everywhere, spinning round and round, faster and faster.    
	 5)   ADV:  ADV after  v  If you turn round, you turn so that you are facing or going in the opposite direction.  
	    She paused, but did not turn round...    
	    The end result was that the ship had to turn round, and go back to Djibouti...    
	    The wind veered round to the east...    
	    Tricia looked round in surprise.    
	 6)   ADV:  ADV after  v  If you move things round, you move them so they are in different places.  
	    He will be glad to refurnish where possible, change things round and redecorate...    
	    I've already moved things round a bit to make it easier for him.    
	 7)   ADV:  ADV after  v  If you hand or pass something round, it is passed from person to person in a group.  
	    John handed round the plate of sandwiches.    
	    ...as the whiskey bottle is passed round.    
	 PREP 
	 Round is also a preposition.   They started handing the microphone out round the girls at the front... The word is passed round the industry if you think there's a troublesome driver.   
	 8)   ADV:  ADV after  v  If you go round to someone's house, you visit them.  
	    I think we should go round and tell Kevin to turn his music down...    
	    He came round with a bottle of champagne.    
	 PREP 
	 Round is also a preposition in non-standard English.   I went round my wife's house.   
	 9)   ADV:  ADV after  v  You use round in informal expressions such as sit round or hang round when you are saying that someone is spending time in a place and is not doing anything very important. [BRIT]  
	    As we sat round chatting, I began to think I'd made a mistake...    
	    I was running round all hyped up.    
	 PREP 
	 Round is also a preposition.   She would spend the day hanging round street corners... Leonard pottered round the greenhouse, tying up canes for the tomatoes.   
	 10)  PREP If something is built or based round a particular idea, that idea is the basis for it.  
	    That was for a design built round an existing American engine...    
	    The core of the Festival's programme centres round performances of new and 20th century work.    
	 11)  PREP If you get round a problem or difficulty, you find a way of dealing with it.  
	    Don't just immediately give up but think about ways round a problem...    
	    There are ways of getting round most things!    
	 12)   ADV:  ADV after  v  If you win someone round, or if they come round, they change their mind about something and start agreeing with you.  
	    He did his best to talk me round, but I wouldn't speak to him...    
	    The Chandler twins were coming round to the same opinion.    
	 13)   ADV:   n  ADV, ADV after  v  You use round in expressions such as this time round or to come round when you are describing something that has happened before or things that happen regularly.  
	    In the past, the elections have been marked by hundreds of murders, but this time round the violence has been much more limited...    
	    Of course, it isn't the same first time round...    
	    We were very keen when the 1954 Rally came round.    
	 14)  PREP You can use round to give the measurement of the outside of something that is shaped like a circle or a cylinder.  
	    I'm about two inches larger round the waist.    
	    ...forty-eight inches round the hips.    
	 ADV 
	 Round is also an adverb.   It's six feet high and five feet round.   
	 15)   ADV:  ADV  amount  You use round in front of times or amounts to indicate that they are approximate.  
	    I go to bed round 11:00 at night.    
	 16)  PHR-PREP In spoken English, round about means approximately. [mainly BRIT]  
	    Round about one and a half million people died.    
	    ...a system that was abolished round about 1902.    
	 17)   PHRASE:   cl  PHR (emphasis) You say all round to emphasize that something affects all parts of a situation or all members of a group. [mainly BRIT]  
	    It ought to make life much easier all round...    
	    Nerves are frayed all round.    
	 18)   PHRASE:  V inflects If you say that something is going round and round in your head, you mean that you can't stop thinking about it.  
	    It all keeps going round and round in my head till I don't know where I am.    
	 19)   PHRASE:  PHR after  v  If something happens all year round, it happens throughout the year.  
	    Many of these plants are evergreen, so you can enjoy them all year round...    
	    It's a treat to be enjoyed all the year round.    
	 20)  round the corner → see corner  
	  the other way round → see way  
	II [ ra͟ʊnd ]
	NOUN USES
	  ♦♦  
	 rounds 
	 1)   N-COUNT:  with  supp , oft N of  n  A round of events is a series of related events, especially one which comes after or before a similar series of events.  
	    It was agreed that another round of preliminary talks would be held in Peking...    
	    This is the latest round of job cuts aimed at making the company more competitive...    
	    There will be more frequent rounds of inspection by our security personnel.    
	 2)   N-COUNT:  usu  adj  N, N  num  In sport, a round is a series of games in a competition. The winners of these games go on to play in the next round, and so on, until only one player or team is left.  
	    ...in the third round of the Pilkington Cup...    
	    After round three, two Americans share the lead.    
	  Syn:  
	  heat  
	 3)   N-COUNT:  usu  adj  N, N  num  In a boxing or wrestling match, a round is one of the periods during which the boxers or wrestlers fight.  
	    He was declared the victor in the 11th round...    
	    Gibson's left eye is completely closed before the end of round one.    
	 4)   N-COUNT:  usu N of  n , N of  num  A round of golf is one game, usually including 18 holes.  
	    ...two rounds of golf...    
	    Ronan Rafferty shot six birdies in a round of 67.    
	 5)   N-COUNT:  oft N of  n  A round is a circular shape.  
	    ...small fresh rounds of goats' cheese...    
	    A cucumber was sliced into rounds.    
	 6)   N-COUNT:  usu with  supp , oft N of  n  A round of bread is a slice of bread. A round of sandwiches is a sandwich made from two slices of bread. [BRIT]  
	    ...four rounds of toast.    
	 7)   N-COUNT:  usu  supp  N If you do your rounds or your round, you make a series of visits to different places or people, for example as part of your job. [mainly BRIT]  
	    The consultants still did their morning rounds...    
	    He got out of the car, and carried on with his paper round.    
	(in AM, usually use route)
	 8)   N-COUNT:  usu with  supp  If you buy a round of drinks, you buy a drink for each member of the group of people that you are with.  
	    They sat on the clubhouse terrace, downing a round of drinks...    
	    I think it's my round.    
	 9)   N-COUNT:  usu  num  N, N of  n  A round of ammunition is the bullet or bullets released when a gun is fired.  
	    ...firing 1650 rounds of ammunition during a period of ten minutes.    
	    ...the use of live rounds of ammunition.    
	 10)   N-COUNT:  N of  n  If there is a round of applause, everyone hits their open hands together to welcome someone or to show that they have enjoyed something.  
	    Sue got a sympathetic round of applause.    
	 11)   N-COUNT  In music, a round is a simple song sung by several people in which each person sings a different part of the song at the same time.  
	 12)   PHRASE:  V inflects If a story, idea, or joke is going the rounds or doing the rounds, a lot of people have heard it and are telling it to other people.  
	    This story was going the rounds 20 years ago.    
	 13)   PHRASE:  V inflects, usu PHR of  n  If you make the rounds or do the rounds, you visit a series of different places.  
	    After school, I had picked up Nick and Ted and made the rounds of the dry cleaner and the grocery store...    
	    We could do the rounds of the galleries.    
	III [ ra͟ʊnd ]
	ADJECTIVE USES
	 rounder, roundest 
	 1)  ADJ-GRADED Something that is round is shaped like a circle or ball.  
	    She had small feet and hands and a flat, round face.    
	    ...the round church known as The New Temple.    
	    ...large round loaves dusted with flour.    
	 2)  ADJ-GRADED If someone has round eyes, their eyes are open wide, for example because they are surprised, excited, or afraid.  
	    The boy sucked his thumb and stared at Hebburn with huge, round eyes.    
	 3)   ADJ:  ADJ  n  A round number is a multiple of 10, 100, 1000, and so on. Round numbers are used instead of precise ones to give the general idea of a quantity or proportion.  
	    I asked how much silver could be bought for a million pounds, which seemed a suitably round number...    
	    The money goes into the team pool, which this summer, in round figures, has now reached ₤78,000.    
	IV [ ra͟ʊnd ]
	 VERB  USES
	 rounds, rounding, rounded 
	 1)   VERB  If you round a place or obstacle, you move in a curve past the edge or corner of it.  
	    [V  n ] The house disappeared from sight as we rounded a corner...    
	    [V  n ] After rounding Cape Finisterre the boats ride the north-easterly trades.    
	  Syn:  
	  go round  
	 2)   VERB  If you round an amount up or down, or if you round it off, you change it to the nearest whole number or nearest multiple of 10, 100, 1000 and so on.  
	    [V  n  with  adv ] We needed to do decimals to round up and round down numbers...    
	    [be  V-ed  to  amount ] The fraction was then multiplied by 100 and rounded to the nearest half or whole number...    
	    [V  n   adv  to  amount ] I'll round it off to about ₤30.    
	 3)  → See also rounded  
	  Phrasal Verbs:  
	  - round off  
	  - round on  
	  - round up  
	
<end>

rand index is 165
dsw is <top>
EXPLANATION OF WORD top is:
 	[ tɒ̱p ]
	  ♦  
	 tops, topping, topped 
	 1)   N-COUNT:  usu the N in  sing , oft N of  n  The top of something is its highest point or part.  
	    I waited at the top of the stairs.    
	    ...the picture at the top of the page...    
	    Bake the biscuits for 20-25 minutes, until the tops are lightly browned.    
	  Ant:  
	  bottom  
	  ADJ:  ADJ  n  
	 Top is also an adjective.   The bullet had entered the top part of the brain. ...the top corner of his newspaper.   
	 2)   ADJ:  ADJ  n  The top thing or layer in a series of things or layers is the highest one.  
	    I can't reach the top shelf...    
	    Our new flat was on the top floor...    
	    A plastic surgeon can remove the top layer of skin.    
	  Ant:  
	  bottom  
	 3)   N-COUNT  The top of something such as a bottle, jar, or tube is a cap, lid, or other device that fits or screws onto one end of it.  
	    ...the plastic tops from aerosol containers.    
	    ...a bottle top.    
	 4)   N-SING:  the N, oft N of  n  The top of a street, garden, bed, or table is the end of it that is farthest away from where you usually enter it or from where you are. [mainly BRIT]  
	    ...a little shop at the top of the street...    
	    He moved to the empty chair at the top of the table.    
	  Syn:  
	   end ,  head   
	  ADJ:  ADJ  n  
	 Top is also an adjective.   ...the hill near the top end of the garden. ...the top corridor of the main building.   
	 5)   N-COUNT  A top is a piece of clothing that you wear on the upper half of your body, for example a blouse or shirt. [INFORMAL]  
	    Look at my new top.    
	 6)   ADJ:  ADJ  n  You can use top to indicate that something or someone is at the highest level of a scale or measurement.  
	    The vehicles have a top speed of 80 kilometres per hour.    
	    ...a top-ranking Saudi officer.    
	  Ant:  
	  bottom  
	 7)   N-SING:  the N, oft N of  n  The top of an organization or career structure is the highest level in it.  
	    We started from the bottom and we had to work our way up to the top.    
	    ...his dramatic rise to the top of the military hierarchy.    
	    ...the man at the top.    
	  Ant:  
	  bottom  
	  ADJ:  ADJ  n  
	 Top is also an adjective.   I need to have the top people in this company pull together.   
	 8)   ADJ:  ADJ  n  You can use top to describe the most important or famous people or things in a particular area of work or activity.  
	    So you want to be a top model...    
	    The President met this afternoon with his top military advisers...    
	    Those are some of the top stories in the news.    
	 9)   N-SING:  the N If someone is at the top of a table or league or is the top of the table or league, their performance is better than that of all the other people involved.  
	    The United States will be at the top of the medal table...    
	    Labour was top of the poll with forty-six percent.    
	  Ant:  
	  bottom  
	 ADJ 
	 Top is also an adjective.   He was the top student in physics... I usually came top in English.   
	 10)   ADJ:  oft ADJ of  n  You can use top to indicate that something is the first thing you are going to do, because you consider it to be the most important.  
	    Cleaning up the water supply is their top priority...    
	    On arrival, a six-course meal was top of the agenda.    
	 11)   ADJ:  ADJ  n  You can use top to indicate that someone does a particular thing more times than anyone else or that something is chosen more times than anything else.  
	    Schillaci was Italy's top scorer during the World Cup matches...    
	    Semtex is terrorists' top choice of explosive.    
	 12)   VERB  To top a list means to be mentioned or chosen more times than anyone or anything else. [JOURNALISM]  
	    [V  n ] It was the first time a Japanese manufacturer had topped the list for imported vehicles...    
	    [V  n ] So what happens if the Socialists top the poll but fall short of an absolute majority?    
	 13)   VERB  If something tops a particular amount, it is larger than that amount. [JOURNALISM]  
	    [V  n ] Imports topped ₤10 billion last month...    
	    [V  n ] These five schools are in the state's top 5% in achievement scores, one school topping the score for the whole state.    
	 14)   VERB  If something is topped with something, it has that thing as its highest part.  
	    [be  V-ed  with/by  n ] The holiest of their chapels are topped with gilded roofs...    
	    [V  n  with  n ] To serve, top the fish with the cooked leeks. [Also V  n ]    
	  Derived words:  
	   -topped  COMB  in ADJ  ...the glass-topped table.    
	 15)   VERB  If you top a story, remark, or action, you follow it with a better or more impressive one.  
	    [V  n ] How are you going to top that?    
	 16)   ADV:   num  ADV You can use tops after mentioning a quantity, to say that it is the maximum possible. [INFORMAL]  
	    The publisher expected the book to sell 1,500 copies, tops...    
	    Be here in half an hour, tops.    
	  Syn:  
	   max   
	  ADJ:   v-link  ADJ 
	 Top is also an adjective.   He reckons a hundred is tops.   
	 17)  → See also topping  
	 18)   PHRASE:  V inflects If you say that something is tops or is the tops, you mean that it is better or more successful than anything else. [INFORMAL]  
	    Majorca and Ibiza are tops for holiday bargain-hunters in June...    
	    The United States was tops in finance and services...    
	    I thought it was the tops so I bought it.    
	 19)   PHRASE:  V inflects If someone blows their top, they become very angry about something. [INFORMAL]  
	    He blew his top after airport officials refused to let him on a plane.    
	 20)   PHRASE:  V inflects If a person, organization, or country comes out on top, they are more successful than the others that they have been competing with.  
	    The only way to come out on top is to adopt a different approach.    
	 21)   PHRASE:   v  PHR, PHR  n  If someone pays top dollar for something, they pay the highest possible price for it. [INFORMAL]  
	    People will always pay top dollar for something exclusive.    
	    ...a club frequented by top-dollar models and their movie star companions.    
	 22)   PHRASE:  PHR after  v  (emphasis) If you say that you clean, tidy, or examine something from top to bottom, you are emphasizing that you do it completely and thoroughly.  
	    She would clean the house from top to bottom.    
	 23)   PHRASE:  PHR after  v  (emphasis) You can use from top to toe to emphasize that the whole of someone's body is covered or dressed in a particular thing or type of clothing.  
	    They were sensibly dressed from top to toe in rain gear.    
	 24)   PHRASE:  V inflects, PHR  n  When something gets on top of you, it makes you feel unhappy or depressed because it is very difficult or worrying, or because it involves more work than you can manage.  
	    Things have been getting on top of me lately.    
	 25)   PHRASE:  PHR after  v , PHR with  cl  If you say something off the top of your head, you say it without thinking about it much before you speak, especially because you do not have enough time.  
	    It was the best I could think of off the top of my head.    
	 26)   PHRASE:   v-link  PHR, PHR after  v , oft PHR of  n  If one thing is on top of another, it is placed over it or on its highest part.  
	    ...the vacuum flask that was resting on top of the stove.    
	    ...the fairy on top of the Christmas tree...    
	    Place the sliced pork fillet on top and pour a little sauce over it.    
	 27)   PHRASE  You can use on top or on top of to indicate that a particular problem exists in addition to a number of other problems.  
	    A stepfamily faces all the problems that a normal family has, with a set of additional problems on top...    
	    An extra 700 jobs are being cut on top of the 2,000 that were lost last year.    
	 28)   PHRASE:  usu  v-link  PHR You say that someone is on top when they have reached the most important position in an organization or business.  
	    How does he stay on top, 17 years after becoming foreign minister?    
	 29)   PHRASE:  V inflects, PHR  n  If you are on top of or get on top of something that you are doing, you are dealing with it successfully.  
	    ...the government's inability to get on top of the situation.    
	 30)   PHRASE:  usu  v-link  PHR (emphasis) If you say that you feel on top of the world, you are emphasizing that you feel extremely happy and healthy.  
	    Two months before she gave birth to Jason she left work feeling on top of the world.    
	 31)   PHRASE:  PHR after  v ,  v-link  PHR, oft PHR of  n  If one thing is over the top of another, it is placed over it so that it is completely covering it.  
	    I have overcome this problem by placing a sheet of polythene over the top of the container...    
	    Stir the sauce and pour it over the top.    
	 32)   PHRASE:  usu  v-link  PHR You describe something as over the top when you think that it is exaggerated, and therefore unacceptable. [mainly BRIT, INFORMAL]  
	    The special effects are a bit over the top but I enjoyed it.    
	  Syn:  
	  OTT  
	 33)   PHRASE:  Vs inflect If you top and tail fruit or vegetables such as French beans, you cut off the tops and the bottoms of them when you are preparing them to be eaten. [BRIT]  
	 34)   PHRASE:  usu  prep  PHR If you say that someone is at the top of the tree, you mean that they have reached the highest level in their career or profession. [BRIT]  
	    He sees himself going right to the top of the tree.    
	 35)   PHRASE:  PHR after  v  If you say something at the top of your voice, you say it very loudly.  
	    `Stephen!' shouted Marcia at the top of her voice.    
	 36)  at the top of the heap → see heap  
	  Phrasal Verbs:  
	  - top off  
	  - top up  
	
<end>
<
rand index is 191
dsw is <spoil>
EXPLANATION OF WORD spoil is:
 	[ spɔ͟ɪl ]
	 spoils, spoiling, spoiled, spoilt 
	  (American English uses the form spoiled as the past tense and past participle. British English uses either spoiled or spoilt.)  
	 1)   VERB  If you spoil something, you prevent it from being successful or satisfactory.  
	    [V  n ] It's important not to let mistakes spoil your life...    
	    [V  n ] Peaceful summer evenings can be spoilt by mosquitoes.    
	 2)   VERB  If you spoil children, you give them everything they want or ask for. This is considered to have a bad effect on a child's character.  
	    [V  n ] Grandparents are often tempted to spoil their grandchildren whenever they come to visit.    
	  Derived words:  
	   spoilt, spoiled ADJ-GRADED  A spoilt child is rarely popular with other children...   Oh, that child. He's so spoiled.    
	 3)   VERB  If you spoil yourself or spoil another person, you give yourself or them something nice as a treat or do something special for them.  
	    [V  pron-refl ] Spoil yourself with a new perfume this summer...    
	    [V  n ] Perhaps I could employ someone to iron his shirts, but I wanted to spoil him. He was my man.    
	  Syn:  
	  pamper  
	 4)  V-ERG If food spoils or if it is spoilt, it is no longer fit to be eaten.  
	    We all know that fats spoil by becoming rancid...    
	    [V  n ] Some organisms are responsible for spoiling food and cause food poisoning...    
	    [V  n ] Some of my apples were spoilt last year by grubs inside the fruit.    
	    [ V-ed ] ...the potential health problems from spoiled food.    
	 5)   VERB  If someone spoils their vote, they write something illegal on their voting paper, usually as a protest about the election, and their vote is not accepted. [BRIT]  
	    [V  n ] They had broadcast calls for voters to spoil their ballot papers...    
	    [ V-ed ] The results showed that 7.2% of the voters cast blank or spoiled ballots.    
	  Syn:  
	  deface  
	 6)   N-PLURAL:  usu with  supp  The spoils of something are things that people get as a result of winning a battle or of doing something successfully.  
	    True to military tradition, the victors are now treating themselves to the spoils of war...    
	    Competing warlords and foreign powers scrambled for political spoils.    
	 7)   PHRASE:   v-link  PHR If you say that someone is spoilt for choice or spoiled for choice, you mean that they have a great many things of the same type to choose from.  
	    At lunchtime, MPs are spoilt for choice in 26 restaurants and bars, each providing subsidised food.    
	  Phrasal Verbs:  
	  - spoil for  
	
<end>

rand index is 69
dsw is <look forward to>
EXPLANATION OF WORD look forward to is:
 
